Q1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A1. When I would want to share my work with others or I would like others to contribute to my work I would use a remote repository.

Q2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A2. When working in a group I would not want my work to be automatically overridden by ohters working on the same project without my
	knowledge, so I would always want to pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-tp-date with my remote
	repositories, this would keep me safe from unwanted changes.

Q3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A3. Fork - A fork is a copy of a repository which github makes on from one person's guthub account to another person's github account.
	Clone - A clone is a copy of a repository which is made by git from a github account or a local machine to another local machine.
	Branch - A branch is a set of commits. By default there is only 1 branch that is 'master' but other branches can be made. A branch
			 is generally made when developer wants to do some experimental changes while keeping the original version intact.

	Fork should be used when a person wants to contribute to someone elses repository but does not have the permission to make changes.
	Clone should be used when a person wants to work on a repository on his own machine.
	Branch should be used when a person wants to carry out some experimental change in the code.

Q4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A4. To avoid merge conflicts so that merging can be fast forward.

Q5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

A5. To collaborate without using git or github I would contantly send my project's package to my collaborators via e-mail and also
	update any changes done by my collaborators. No, it would not be easier. Constant copying and pasting the code after every bit of change
	would be harder. 